General:
The Source first/Mixed Language/Tap to translate/Target first is weird. Source first is the inverse variant of tap to translate and target first has no tap functionality. Perhaps it should just be able the learning panel being active or not. If it is and you select a word it will show up in the learning panel. This should work for any word, not just words in your learning set. You can see the word learning status (maybe unlearned - not sure if there is a better word for this). You can add it to your learning set. So maybe the modes should just be Source or Target and you can independently target whether weaving is enabled. I don't feel like weaving is a slider. Its either on or off. When on it would weave words in your learning set.

You should always have the option of redoing a lesson from the beginning.

I don't feel like the library should have top level categories. Maybe those are labels. You can always add your own custom labels. A item can have multiple labels.

Mobile commentary:
Reading mode needs to have more of a ereader experience. (Perhaps applies to desktop mode as well)

Having to scroll to the bottom to see learning panel in mobile is weird. Especially given that the toggle button is at the top. Seems like it should be docked to bottom above toolbar. That does mean that it needs a more compact form factor.

For items, in library, it should allow saying teach me the necessary language to read this in this source language. This can apply to the whole text, a chapter, or maybe just a selection

Hover to see word explanation in reader mode

Audiobook experience

Click to hear word in book

Lesson plan from goal

Does not need to learning set in order to do replacement in reader

Reading simplification to reader vocabulary

Scrape a webpage or article

Share button

Find neural pathways

Try Shadow 

Scenarios

Roleplay from TV shows

Contextual note taking.

If the user gets something wrong, having an optional AI session to review.

Have AI try to collect various proficiency tests for language.

Import Anki decks.

Generate language proficiency tests

